h1. SqlServer

|_.Author|Ed Botzum  (mailto:contact@edbotz.us)|
|_.Copyright|Copyright (c) 2010 edbotz|
|_.License|MIT|

Used to interact with Microsoft SQL Server.
Based on the work of "David Mullet":http://rubyonwindows.blogspot.com/2007/03/ruby-ado-and-sqlserver.html and "Miro's":http://thinkwrap.wordpress.com/2007/04/25/accessing-sql-server-2005-from-ruby/ "snippet":http://snippets.dzone.com/posts/show/3906

h2. TODOS:

 * Add support to execute commands.

h2. Rquirements

Only runs on Windows because it takes advantage of MDAC for best performace and ease of use.

 * Win32 Ole - "http://rubygems.org/gems/win32ole-pp":http://rubygems.org/gems/win32ole-pp
 * Microsoft Data Access Components - "http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/data/aa937730.aspx":http://msdn2.microsoft.com/en-us/data/aa937730.aspx

h2. License

<pre>
Copyright (c) 2010 Ed Botzum

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
</pre>